0.2.3-preview changelog (#421)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: changelog.txt

0.2.3-preview
============
### New features:
**`ReplyForbiddenWithWwwAuthenticateHeaderAsync` method in `ITokenAcquisition` now has an additional optional `HttpResponse` parameter**, which can be provided in cases when the current `HttpContext` is null.  See issue for details: [#414](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/414).

> **Set version to `5.0.0-*` for `JwtBearer` and `OpenIdConnect` dependencies**. See issue for details: [#380](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/380).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Enable Micorosoft.Identity.Web to work with any version of .NET 5.0** by settting depencencies version to `5.0.0-*` for `JwtBearer` and `OpenIdConnect` dependencies**. See issue for details: [#380](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/380).
```
